>> "TRUE JACKSON VP"
WAS FILMED IN FRONT OF A LIVE
STUDIO AUDIENCE.
>> THIS THING IS STUCK.
>> JUST GIVE IT A BIG PULL.
>> NO.
I THINK I FIGURED OUT SOMETHING
NO ONE HERE KNOWS.
>> WHAT?
>> I DON'T HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW TO DO THIS JOB.
>> SURE YOU DO.
YOU PICK OUT FABRIC, CUT-CUT,
SNIP-SNIP, BAM,
YOU HAVE AN AWESOME DRESS.
>> I'M SERIOUS, LULU.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
I'M ABOUT TO FREAK OUT.
>> I KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU NEED.
DANCE PARTY.
[MUSIC]
>> RYAN, WHAT'S WRONG?
>> IT WAS HORRIBLE,
A TRAGEDY OF EPIC PROPORTIONS.
I AM NEVER EVER GOING BACK
TO THAT HOUSE OF TERRORS.
>> WHERE?
>> HAPPYBERRY YUM YUM.
>> THE YOGURT SHOP DOWNSTAIRS?
>> THERE'S A NEW GIRL
WHO WORKS THERE AND AS SOON
AS I SAW HER, I COULDN'T SPEAK.
>> THAT DOESN'T SOUND LIKE YOU.
>> I WAS A COMPLETE IDIOT.
>> THAT SOUNDS LIKE YOU.
>> YOU KNOW, I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D SAY THIS.
BUT I THINK I'M IN LOVE.
AND THE PAIN I FEEL RIGHT HERE,
RIGHT HERE WILL NEVER GO AWAY.
>> I KNOW SOMETHING
THAT'LL HELP.
>> WHAT?
>> DANCE PARTY.
[MUSIC]
[CLEARING THROAT LOUDLY]
>> SORRY TO INTERRUPT, TRUE,
BUT YOU'RE NEEDED
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM A-SAP.
>> A-SAP? WHAT IS IT?
>> OH, IT MEANS AS SOON
AS POSSIBLE.
IT'S A PRETTY COMMON ACRONYM.
I'M SURPRISED
YOU'VE NEVER HEARD IT BEFORE.
>> I HAVE A FEELING THE MEETING
IS GONNA BE VERY INTERESTING.
>> WHAT'S IT ABOUT?
>> I'M NOT AT LIBERTY TO SAY.
BUT IT MIGHT JUST BE ABOUT
THE DOUBLE-SECRET ARRIVAL
OF A CERTAIN SUPERMODEL
WHO'S GOING TO BE THE FACE
OF OUR NEW LINE.
>> WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
SUPERMODELS COME AROUND HERE
ALL THE TIME.
>> IT'S DAKOTA NORTH.
>> DAKOTA NORTH.
>> SHE LIKES DAKOTA NORTH.
>> I GATHERED THAT.
BY THE WAY,
I MADE FRESH LEMON SQUARES.
>> LEMON SQUARES.
>> DANCE PARTY.
[MUSIC]
♪ FROM MY HEAD TO MY TOES ♪
♪ IT'S ALL REAL AND YOU KNOW ♪
♪ FRESH AND COOL ♪
♪ IT'S JUST WHAT I DO ♪
♪ T-R-U-E J-A-C-K-S-O-N V-P ♪
♪ WORKING AT A GROWN-UP JOB ♪
♪ I NEVER REALLY KNEW ♪
♪ I COULD WORK THIS HARD ♪
♪ JUST USED TO SIT AT HOME ♪
♪ AND WATCH TV ♪
♪ NOW I'M IN AN OFFICE ♪
♪ AS THE NEW VP ♪
♪ I'M ALWAYS SETTING TRENDS ♪
♪ WITH MY TWO BEST FRIENDS ♪
♪ WHEN THINGS GET OUT OF HAND ♪
♪ WE HAVE A PLAN ♪
♪ WE'RE JUST MESSIN' AROUND ♪
♪ AND WE'RE MAKIN' NEW GROUND ♪
♪ FOR THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD ♪
♪ TO SEE ♪
♪ IF YOU SEE US IN TOWN ♪
♪ YOU KNOW IT'S GOIN' DOWN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M THE NEW VP ♪
♪ (THE NEW VP) ♪
ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE.
BEFORE WE START,
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS,
ANYONE AT ALL?
STOP WASTING MY TIME,
KOPELMAN, OUT.
MOVING ON.
PEOPLE, I HAVE EXCITING NEWS.
WE'VE SIGNED SOMEONE
PRETTY SPECIAL TO BE THE FACE
OF THE NEW FALL LINE,
AND YOU'LL NEVER BELIEVE
WHO IT IS.
IF I WERE TO GIVE YOU
A THOUSAND GUESSES--
>> DAKOTA NORTH.
>> YES.
OKAY, WHO TOLD YOU?
>> I'D RATHER NOT SAY.
>> IT WAS OSCAR, WASN'T IT?
I KNEW
I SHOULDN'T HAVE TOLD HIM.
DID ANYONE ELSE HERE
KNOW MY BIG SECRET?
OUT.
>> WELL, I FOR ONE COMMEND YOU
ON THE COUP
OF LANDING DAKOTA NORTH.
SHE WILL BE A VALUABLE ASSET
TO MAD STYLE.
>> I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY I WANTED TO MAKE
THE BIG ANNOUNCEMENT.
>> MAX, YOU'RE POUTING.
>> I AM NOT.
WE'LL BE HAVING A PRESS
CONFERENCE HERE TODAY AT 2:00.
IT IS IMPERATIVE THAT MS. NORTH
BE HERE FOR IT,
HAPPY AND LOOKING FABULOUS.
SO I WAS THINKING
WE SHOULD PROBABLY ASSIGN
SOMEONE TO KEEP HER COMPANY.
AMANDA,
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE THIS ONE?
>> I'D BE HONORED.
>> GREAT. MOVING ON--.
>> ALTHOUGH--
>> YES?
>> --IT APPEARS TO ME
THAT PERHAPS DAKOTA
MIGHT BE MORE COMFORTABLE
WITH SOMEONE
CLOSER TO HER OWN AGE LIKE,
I DON'T KNOW, TRUE.
>> FOR REAL?
>> IT IS A GREAT SACRIFICE
FOR ME, BUT I SUPPOSE
IT'S FOR THE BEST. MAX?
>> FINE WITH ME.
TRUE, ARE YOU READY
TO BE DAKOTA NORTH'S BFF?
>> YES.
THANK YOU, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
>> NOT A FAN
OF PHYSICAL CONTACT.
>> BUT REMEMBER, TRUE,
IF FOR ANY REASON
DAKOTA IS NOT AT THE BIG EVENT
AT 2:00,
I WOULD HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO FIRE YOU.
[MUSIC]
>> RIGHT.
>> HEY, LULU.
DO YOU BELIEVE IN STUFF
YOU READ IN MAGAZINES?
>> FOR THE MOST PART, YEAH,
BUT NOT COMIC BOOKS.
THOSE ARE DEFINITELY
MADE UP.
>> WELL, THIS ARTICLE SAYS
THE BEST WAY
TO ATTRACT YOUR CRUSH
IS TO LET THEM THINK
YOU'RE TAKEN.
>> WELL, IT'S GOTTA BE TRUE.
IT SAYS IT ON THE COVER
IN BIG PINK LETTERS.
>> I BET IF THE YOGURT GIRL
THOUGHT I HAD A GIRLFRIEND,
SHE'D TOTALLY WANT ME.
>> THEN, IT'S HELLO FREE YOGURT.
>> IF ONLY I COULD FIND
SOMEONE YOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE
WHO COULD PRETEND
TO BE MY GIRLFRIEND.
>> FINE, I'LL DO IT.
>> REALLY?
YOU'LL FIND ME SOMEBODY YOUNG
AND ATTRACTIVE?
>> NO.
I'LL PRETEND TO BE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
>> YEAH, I DON'T THINK SO.
>> OH, COME ON.
YOU KNOW I LOVE ACTING,
EVER SINCE THE SCHOOL PRODUCTION
OF "PIPPIN."
"LOOK OUT, PIPPIN,
HE'S GOT A GUN."
>> YEAH, I DON'T REMEMBER
THAT PART.
>> PLEASE?
>> OKAY.
>> YOU'LL NEVER BELIEVE
WHAT JUST HAPPENED.
>> AN ELEPHANT BROKE
INTO THE GROCERY STORE
AND STOLE ALL THE PEANUTS?
>> NO.
THEY WANT SOMEONE
TO PERSONALLY HANG OUT
WITH DAKOTA NORTH ALL DAY,
AND THAT PERSON IS ME.
>> OH.
>> DON'T SOUND SO EXCITED.
>> ISN'T SHE SUPPOSED
TO BE KIND OF MEAN?
>> MEAN? I DON'T THINK SO.
>> SHE'S BANNED FROM CANADA.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
SHE SLAPPED A MOOSE.
>> YEAH.
AND DON'T HER GRANDPARENTS
HAVE A RESTRAINING ORDER
AGAINST HER?
>> THAT'S JUST GOSSIP.
YOU DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING
YOU READ IN MAGAZINES, DO YOU?
>> YES, EXCEPT COMIC BOOKS.
>> LOOK, DAKOTA IS JUST
A TEEN LIKE US.
>> LIKE US?
SHE HAS A CHIHUAHUA
THAT FLIES FIRST CLASS.
IN HIS OWN PLANE.
TO A CASTLE.
MADE OUT OF BACON.
>> OKAY.
MAYBE SHE'S NOT EXACTLY
LIKE US,
BUT SHE CAN'T BE THAT BAD.
IF I CAN HANDLE THE PINKS
AT SCHOOL,
I CAN HANDLE DAKOTA.
>> JUST BE CAREFUL, TRUE.
THIS TASK SOUNDS LIKE
SOMETHING AMANDA WOULD INVENT
JUST TO SEE YOU FAIL.
>> OH, COME ON.
NO ONE WOULD DO THAT.
>> IT'S PERFECT.
I'VE INVENTED THIS TASK
JUST TO SEE HER FAIL.
[WICKED LAUGHTER]
>> SECURITY CALLED.
DAKOTA WILL BE UP IN A MINUTE.
THERE'S STILL SOME PEOPLE
IN THE LOBBY
SHE HASN'T BEEN RUDE TO YET.
>> COME ON, AREN'T YOU EXCITED?
I'VE NEVER MET
A CELEBRITY BEFORE.
WELL, EXCEPT THAT PIG
FROM THAT CAR COMMERCIAL.
YOU KNOW WHEN HE GOES,
"HONK, HONK, I'M LATE FOR WORK."
OH MY GOD,
I MET HIM AT THE FAIR.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE
I MISSED THAT.
YOU'LL CALL ME NEXT TIME, YES?
>> OH, THIS MIGHT BE HER.
HI, DAKOTA.
I'M TRUE. TRUE JACKSON.
I'M A HUGE FAN.
>> I'M HERE FOR A PRESS THINGY.
>> RIGHT.
IT'S IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM.
THEY DECORATED IT REALLY NICE.
IT TOOK ALL MORNING.
>> LIKE THIS STORY?
>> YEAH, HAVE FUN
WITH YOUR NEW BEST FRIEND.
I'LL STOP BY IN A BIT
TO SEE HOW IT'S GOING.
>> SO, WHAT KIND OF MUSIC
DO YOU LIKE?
>> IT'S ALL SO BORING.
>> ALL MUSIC?
>> I'M THIRSTY.
SOMEBODY GET ME
A SPARKLING WATER IN A BLUE CUP
WITH A BENDY STRAW, THANK YOU.
I DON'T HAVE IT YET.
>> WHY DON'T WE HEAD OVER
TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM?
>> GREAT. IS THERE A LIMO?
>> A LIMO?
NO, IT'S RIGHT DOWN THE HALL.
>> FINE.
BUT MAKE SURE
NO ONE LOOKS AT ME.
>> DAKOTA NORTH.
[MUSIC]
>> OH, MY LITTLE YOGURT GODDESS.
>> HI. CAN I HELP YOU?
>> HELP ME? YES.
WHAT TO HAVE, WHAT TO HAVE.
>> THERE YOU ARE, BOYFRIEND.
>> OH, LOOK WHO IT IS.
IT'S MY GIRLFRIEND.
HEY, HOW ABOUT SOME SWEET YOGURT
FOR MY SWEET GIRLFRIEND.
>> OH, YOU.
YOU'RE JUST AS GENEROUS
AS YOU ARE SUPER-RIPPED
UNDER THAT UGLY SHIRT.
>> HUH?
BUT MY NANA GOT THIS FOR ME
ON HER ALASKA CRUISE.
>> WELL, IT'S UGLY.
>> I'LL HAVE A RASPBERRY YUM YUM
WITH HAPPY BEARS,
AND MY BETTER HALF HERE
WILL HAVE A NAPKIN
AND A GLASS OF WATER.
>> I DON'T THINK SO.
I'LL HAVE A LARGE BANANA HELLO
WITH GUM GUM CHERRY BERRIES.
>> THAT WILL BE $8.50.
>> GREAT. GOT ANY MONEY?
I'M KIND OF TAPPED.
>> GUYS, HUH?
IF HE WASN'T SO FUNNY AND STRONG
AND A GREAT DANCER
WITH AN AWESOME
SNEAKER COLLECTION,
HE'D BE OUTTA HERE.
>> YOU WERE GREAT.
>> WE'RE KIND OF A GOOD COUPLE.
>> I KNOW, RIGHT.
>> HEY, WAIT.
SHE'S LOOKING AT US.
QUICK, FEED ME SOME YOGURT
REAL ROMANTIC-LIKE.
[GAGS, COUGHS]
[MUSIC]
>> WHY ISN'T THIS WORKING?
THIS ONE'S BLUE.
>> I'VE BEEN A FAN OF YOURS
FOR, LIKE, EVER.
WHEN MR. MADIGAN TOLD US
YOU WERE COMING, I WAS ALL--
>> WHY IS A CHILD TALKING TO ME?
>> AREN'T WE LIKE THE SAME AGE?
>> THIRSTY AGAIN.
>> ALL GOOD?
>> WELL, NOT REALLY.
>> OH.
>> SHE'S BEING
SORT OF DIFFICULT.
>> DID YOU TRY GIVING IT FOOD?
>> IT?
>> I MEAN HER.
>> WHAT KIND OF FOOD?
>> MAYBE A DONUT.
SHE'S PROBABLY HAVING
A LOW BLOOD SUGAR THING.
>> GOOD IDEA.
HEY, DAKOTA,
WOULD YOU LIKE A DONUT?
THERE'S CUSTARD IN THE MIDDLE.
>> ARE YOU INSANE?
I'M A SUPERMODEL.
I DON'T EAT DONUTS.
HOW COULD YOU LET HER
BRING ME A DONUT?
ARE YOU PAYING ANY ATTENTION
AT ALL?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHY YOU'RE MY ASSISTANT.
YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
>> THAT'S ENOUGH!
>> WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> I SAID THAT'S ENOUGH.
WE GET IT. YOU'RE CRANKY.
>> EVERYONE, OUT.
OUT.
>> WELL, YOU SEEM TO HAVE
EVERYTHING UNDER CONTROL.
>> WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM, DAKOTA?
YOU HAVE EVERYTHING
YOU COULD POSSIBLY WANT.
YOU FLY AROUND THE WORLD,
EAT IN THE BEST RESTAURANTS,
WEAR THE BEST CLOTHES.
WHY ARE YOU SO ANGRY?
>> YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE ME.
>> NO.
I THINK I DO--
BEING THE ONLY KID
IN A GROWNUP WORLD,
TRYING TO PLEASE EVERYONE,
AND FEELING A LITTLE ALONE.
>> THAT'S EXACTLY HOW I FEEL.
>> I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHY YOU HAVE TO BE SO MEAN
TO PEOPLE.
I MEAN, THAT PIG
COULDN'T HAVE BEEN NICER.
LOOK,
IF YOU DON'T WANNA DO THIS,
DON'T.
NO ONE'S MAKING YOU.
>> DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE
I'M RESPONSIBLE FOR?
MANAGERS, AGENTS, DOG GROOMERS,
EYEBROW PLUCKERS.
>> GIRL, WHAT YOU NEED
IS A TIME-OUT.
DO SOMETHING FUN FOR YOURSELF.
YOU KNOW,
HANG OUT WITH YOUR GIRLS
OR BUY A FERRIS WHEEL.
>> YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, MY BEST FRIEND'S
HAVING A POOL PARTY
AND I WASN'T EVEN GONNA GO.
>> YOU SHOULD TOTALLY GO.
THERE'S NO REASON
YOU CAN'T BE A SUPERMODEL
AND A REGULAR TEENAGER.
>> CAN I HAVE THAT DONUT NOW?
>> ACTUALLY, I THINK I HAVE
SOMETHING BETTER.
HAVE YOU EVER HAD
A HOMEMADE LEMON SQUARE?
>> I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT THAT IS.
>> OSCAR MAKES THEM FRESH.
LET ME SEE IF HE HAS ANY LEFT.
>> TRUE.
>> YEAH?
>> THANK YOU.
[MUSIC]
>> HEY, OSCAR, DO YOU HAVE
ANY MORE OF YOUR DELICIOUS
LEMON SQUARES?
>> TAKE THEM ALL.
I'M SURE YOU'RE WORKING UP
QUITE AN APPETITE
DEALING WITH AMERICA'S
NEXT TOP SOCIOPATH.
>> ACTUALLY, SHE'S REALLY SWEET.
>> SWEET?
SHE SAID SHE WAS GOING
TO DANCE ON MY GRAVE,
AND THEN SHE DID
A CREEPY LITTLE DANCE
AND STARTED LAUGHING.
>> WELL, PEOPLE CAN CHANGE.
THANKS.
DAKOTA?
UH-OH.
"PRESS PLAY"?
>> TRUE, THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR THE ADVICE.
BY THE TIME YOU SEE THIS,
I'LL BE ON MY WAY
TO A POOL PARTY.
>> SHE DID WHAT NOW?
>> TRUE, WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> WHAT'S GOING ON
IS I LOST DAKOTA.
>> YOU DON'T HAVE ANY IDEA
WHERE SHE WENT?
>> SHE WENT TO A POOL PARTY.
>> WELL, WHO TOLD HER
SHE COULD DO THAT?
>> I DON'T SEE HOW THAT MATTERS.
>> YOU TOLD HER?
>> YES.
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS NOW.
IF SHE'S NOT
AT THAT PRESS CONFERENCE,
I'M IN BIG TROUBLE.
>> DO YOU HAVE HER NUMBER?
>> YEAH, IT'S OVER HERE.
OKAY.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
>> WHAT DO YOU WANT?
LEAVE A MESSAGE.
[BEEP]
>> HI, DAKOTA.
IT'S ME, TRUE.
I'M REALLY HAPPY YOU DECIDED
TO GO TO YOUR PARTY,
BUT I SORT OF NEED YOU BACK
RIGHT AWAY SO I DON'T GET FIRED,
OKAY?
I GOT YOUR LEMON SQUARES.
IT'S GONNA BE REALLY
EMBARRASSING GETTING FIRED.
>> WELL, LET ME GO
GET MY FAKE BOYFRIEND.
HE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
>> NO RUNNING IN THE HALLS.
[MUSIC]
>> I THINK PEOPLE
TAKE MANGO FOR GRANTED.
THERE, I SAID IT.
MANGO ROCKS.
>> RYAN.
>> GIVE ME A SECOND, BABY.
I'M JUST MAKING A POINT HERE.
>> I NEED YOU RIGHT NOW.
>> WELL, TAKE A NUMBER.
SHE'S USELESS WITHOUT ME.
>> WHAT WAS THAT?
>> NOTHING, DEAR.
THE OLD BALL AND CHAIN.
>> FINE, FORGET YOU.
>> DON'T EXPECT ME TO BE HERE
WHEN YOU GET BACK.
>> I'M NOT COMING BACK,
'CAUSE I NEVER
WANNA SEE YOU AGAIN.
IT'S OVER.
>> OH, IT'S BEEN OVER
FOR A LONG TIME.
>> ARE YOU OKAY?
>> YEAH, TOTALLY.
SHE WASN'T, YOU KNOW, REALLY--
NO. NO, I'M NOT.
IT HURTS SO BAD.
I'LL NEVER FIND LOVE AGAIN.
>> SURE YOU WILL.
>> YOU THINK SO?
>> YES.
>> WHAT AM I GONNA DO
WITH THESE METRO STATION TICKETS
FOR TONIGHT.
I HATE TO SEE THEM GO TO WASTE.
>> I LOVE METRO STATION.
>> YOU DO?
DO YOU HAVE PLANS TONIGHT?
>> NO.
>> THAT'S GREAT.
>> MY BOYFRIEND IS GONNA GO
CRAZY WHEN I TELL HIM.
>> I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING.
OH! DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING
EITHER.
[MUSIC]
>> LOOK AT ME,
I'M LADY HATTINGTON.
I HAIL FROM HATMANDU.
>> WOULD YOU PLEASE FOCUS?
THE PRESS CONFERENCE
IS IN FIVE MINUTES.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
>> I KNOW HOW TO JUGGLE.
WANT ME TO GO STALL THEM?
>> NO.
I MIGHT AS WELL JUST FACE IT.
I'M NOT GONNA BE WORKING HERE
TOO MUCH LONGER.
>> WELL,
I LIKE THE SOUND OF THAT.
>> AMANDA.
>> WHERE'S DAKOTA?
>> WHO?
>> OH, I DON'T SEE HER ANYWHERE.
IF YOU'VE MESSED THIS UP,
MOPPET--
>> I HAVEN'T.
SHE'S RIGHT BEHIND
THIS CHANGING THING.
OH, WHAT'S THAT, DAKOTA?
OKAY, I WILL.
>> I DIDN'T HEAR HER
SAY ANYTHING.
>> REALLY?
BECAUSE SHE CLEARLY SAID IT.
OH, WHAT'S THAT? MMM.
OKAY, I'LL TELL HER.
SHE SAID
SHE WANTS THE AREA CLEARED,
AND IF IT ISN'T,
SHE'S GONNA CLAW
THE NEAREST EXECUTIVE.
>> OH, I CAN'T GET CLAWED.
I HAVE DINNER RESERVATIONS.
IT'S SHOWTIME.
>> WHEN DID DAKOTA GET BACK?
>> SHE'S NOT BACK.
>> THEN WHO WAS TALKING TO YOU?
>> I'VE GOT A PLAN.
>> IS IT A GOOD ONE?
>> NOPE.
[MUSIC]
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
MAD STYLE IS PROUD TO INTRODUCE
THE NEW FACE
OF OUR FALL COLLECTION,
SUPERMODEL DAKOTA NORTH.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC]
>> SHE LOOKS FABULOUS.
>> WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU CAN'T SEE HER FACE.
>> THANK YOU.
I'M DAKOTA NORTH.
I'M A SUPERMODEL.
>> MORE LIKE
A SUPER-DUPER MODEL.
SOMEBODY TRADEMARK THAT, PLEASE.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, EVERYONE.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
[MUSIC]
>> HELLO, EVERYONE.
I'M THE REAL DAKOTA NORTH.
>> YOU'RE HILARIOUS.
>> IT'S MADIGAN.
>> IT'S CANTWELL.
>> M-A-D-I-G-A-N.
>> C-A-N-T-W-E-L-L.
>> THANK YOU.
>> OKAY, I'M JUST GONNA SAY
WHAT WE'RE ALL THINKING.
TRUE, YOU'RE FIRED.
>> WHAT?
NO.
YOU'RE NOT FIRED.
>> BUT, MAX,
THAT WAS A NIGHTMARE.
>> IF THAT WAS A NIGHTMARE,
I'M EATING MORE CHEESE
BEFORE BED.
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
>> AND THE NEXT DAY
AND THE DAY AFTER THAT.
>> HEY.
>> DAKOTA, THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING BACK.
YOU REALLY CAME THROUGH FOR ME.
>> IT'S AN ODD FEELING,
DOING SOMETHING NICE.
I'M GONNA TRY IT AGAIN
SOMETIME.
>> IT'S A GOOD WAY TO LIVE.
>> WELL, IT'S BEEN FUN
BUT I'M OFF TO HELSINKI
FOR A SWIMWEAR SHOOT.
>> DO YOU REALLY HAVE TO GO
SO SOON?
>> WHY?
>> LULU?
>> DANCE PARTY.
[MUSIC]
>> WELL, HELLO.
>> HELLO.
>> YOU'RE LOOKING WELL.
I SEE YOU HAVE SOMEONE NEW
IN YOUR LIFE.
>> NO.
THAT'S JUST A GUY
WAITING FOR THE ELEVATOR.
>> I GUESS IN A LOT OF WAYS
WE'RE ALL JUST WAITING
FOR AN ELEVATOR.
>> THAT'S DEEP.
I'VE MISSED YOU.
>> LISTEN,
WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN US--
>> IT WAS SO LONG AGO,
I DON'T EVEN REMEMBER
WHAT IT WAS ABOUT.
>> BUY YOU A YOGURT?
>> I'D LIKE THAT.
>> GOT ANY MONEY?
[MUSIC]
>> WELL, AND WHAT A SURPRISE--
>> WHAT IS THAT?
>> IT APPEARS
TO BE A DANCE PARTY.
>> RIDICULOUS.
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
PEOPLESUPPORT
TRANSCRIPTION & CAPTIONING
[MUSIC]